# [POWERSHELL: Random Users & Weak Passwords (Active Directory #03)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66ZD1J-AR2c)

In this video, a Powershell script (**random_domain.ps1**) will be created that generates a json file as output (**out.json**) which contains random users, passwords, and groups for those users.

That script is run on **MGT** to produce a file (**out.json**) that will be transfered to the Domain Controller (**DC1**) where the scipt (**gen_ad.ps1**) will take the (**out.json**) file as input to create random users/passwords/groups on **DC1**.

#### Note: John did not complete the scripts in this video for "Active Directory #03", however all the scripts and data in his repo and my repo "code" directory is up-to-date.
---
Starting with the **MGT** - move to active_diretory\code\data directory:
```
PS C:\Users\local_admin\> cd active_directory\code\data
```
Because we cloned my repository, all the data files should be present:
```
group_names.txt
first_names.txt
last_names.txt
passwords.txt
```
---
FYI, John used this [reference for names.](https://github.com/hippy2094/random-name-generator)
- Using the reference, he used surnames.txt, firstnames.txt to create first_names.txt and last_names.txt

John used this [reference for passwords.](https://gist.github.com/roycewilliams/4003707694aeb44c654bf27a19249932)
- Using that reference, he created passwords.txt
---

He next creates two files (on MGT):
```
- random_domain.ps1 - Powershell script to create many random users, passwords, and groups for the users
- out.json - the output of the "random_domain.ps1" script
```
- Run the script "random_domain.ps" to output a json file "out.json" :
```
PS C:\Users\local_admin\active_directory\code> .\random_domain.ps1
OutputJSONFile: out.json
```
---
Using MGT, transfer out.json file to DC1:
```
PS C:\Users\local_admin\active_directory\code> Copy-Item out.json $dc C:\Windows\Tasks
```
Enter a session on DC1:
```
PS C:\Users\local_admin\active_directory\code> Enter-PSSession $dc
```
On the DC1 session, run the following to create the random users on the DC1 Active Directory:
```
[192.168.175.155] PS C:\Users\Administrator\Documents> cd C:\Windows\Tasks
[192.168.175.155] PS C:\Windows\Tasks>
[192.168.175.155] PS C:\Windows\Tasks> .\gen_ad.ps1 .\out.json
```
---
NOTE: John's original version of the "random_domain.ps1" created "out.json" that produced errors at this point due to security policy issues which he fixes in the next video.

#### Note: if you download the "random_domain.ps1" script from [John's github](https://github.com/JohnHammond/active_directory) or my repo - all is now fixed.
---
You should now have a "bunch" of new random users, groups, passwords on DC1 Active Directory.

You can view them on DC1 via:
```
[192.168.175.155] PS C:\Windows\Tasks> Get-ADUser -Filter *
[192.168.175.155] PS C:\Windows\Tasks> Get-ADGroup -Filter *
```

In the next video, John shows us how to easily remove all the users we created by using the modification he makes to the gen_ad.ps1 script.

OK, I know you can't wait, here is how to remove all users:
```
[192.168.175.155] PS C:\Windows\Tasks> .\gen_ad.ps1 .\out.json -Undo
```
**Note:** it is important to use the same "out.json" file that was used to create the users.

---
END OF THIS VIDEO !